TO THE EXTENT ANYTHING NOTABLE HAPPENS IN THESE MEETINGS THAT
HAPPENS IN THESE MEETINGS THAT WE CAN SEE ON CAMERA, WE WILL
WE CAN SEE ON CAMERA, WE WILL KEEP AN EYE ON THAT.
KEEP AN EYE ON THAT. WE WILL TURN THAT RIGHT AROUND
WE WILL TURN THAT RIGHT AROUND FOR YOU.
FOR YOU. AND BECAUSE THIS IS A FEAST DAY
AND BECAUSE THIS IS A FEAST DAY FOR THE NEWS GODS, WHAT’S
FOR THE NEWS GODS, WHAT’S HAPPENING RIGHT NOW IN HANOI IS
HAPPENING RIGHT NOW IN HANOI IS HAPPENING FOR THIS PRESIDENT
HAPPENING FOR THIS PRESIDENT AGAINST JUST A CATASTROPHIC
AGAINST JUST A CATASTROPHIC DOMESTIC NEWS BACKDROP.
DOMESTIC NEWS BACKDROP. TODAY IN MARATHON TESTIMONY
TODAY IN MARATHON TESTIMONY BEFORE THE HOUSE OVERSIGHT
BEFORE THE HOUSE OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE, THE PRESIDENT’S
COMMITTEE, THE PRESIDENT’S LONG-TIME PERSONAL LAWYER MADE
LONG-TIME PERSONAL LAWYER MADE MULTIPLE SERIOUS ALLEGATIONS OF
MULTIPLE SERIOUS ALLEGATIONS OF POTENTIALLY CRIMINAL WRONGDOING
POTENTIALLY CRIMINAL WRONGDOING BY PRESIDENT TRUMP.
BY PRESIDENT TRUMP. ALLEGATIONS THAT SPAN THE TIME
ALLEGATIONS THAT SPAN THE TIME PERIOD BEFORE THE 2016
PERIOD BEFORE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN, DURING
PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN, DURING THAT CAMPAIGN, AND SINCE MR.
THAT CAMPAIGN, AND SINCE MR. TRUMP HAS BEEN PRESIDENT.
TRUMP HAS BEEN PRESIDENT. SO SORT OF LAY OF THE LAND HERE
SO SORT OF LAY OF THE LAND HERE FOR HOW I THINK THIS HOUR IS
FOR HOW I THINK THIS HOUR IS GOING TO GO.
GOING TO GO. BREAKING NEWS NOTWITHSTANDING.
BREAKING NEWS NOTWITHSTANDING. WHAT I THINK WE’RE GOING TO GET
WHAT I THINK WE’RE GOING TO GET THROUGH TONIGHT IS WE’RE GOING
THROUGH TONIGHT IS WE’RE GOING TO TRY TO TALK TO -- TALK IN
TO TRY TO TALK TO -- TALK IN DETAIL ABOUT THE FOUR MAJOR
DETAIL ABOUT THE FOUR MAJOR AREAS OF CRIMINAL ALLEGATIONS
AREAS OF CRIMINAL ALLEGATIONS THAT MICHAEL COHEN SPELLED OUT
THAT MICHAEL COHEN SPELLED OUT TODAY CONCERNING THE PRESIDENT.
TODAY CONCERNING THE PRESIDENT. WE’RE GOING TO HAVE EXPERT
WE’RE GOING TO HAVE EXPERT ADVICE HERE IN STUDIO ABOUT THE
ADVICE HERE IN STUDIO ABOUT THE LEGAL STRENGTH OF MICHAEL
LEGAL STRENGTH OF MICHAEL COHEN’S CONTENTIONS AND HOW MUCH
COHEN’S CONTENTIONS AND HOW MUCH MORE WORRIED PRESIDENT TRUMP
MORE WORRIED PRESIDENT TRUMP OUGHT TO BE ABOUT HIS OWN LEGAL
OUGHT TO BE ABOUT HIS OWN LEGAL STANDING AFTER COHEN’S TESTIMONY
STANDING AFTER COHEN’S TESTIMONY TODAY.
TODAY. WE’RE ALSO GOING TO SPEAK WITH
WE’RE ALSO GOING TO SPEAK WITH ONE OF THE MEMBERS OF THE
ONE OF THE MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE TODAY WHO QUESTIONED
COMMITTEE TODAY WHO QUESTIONED MR. COHEN AND WHO ELICITED
MR. COHEN AND WHO ELICITED HERSELF SOME VERY IMPORTANT
HERSELF SOME VERY IMPORTANT INFORMATION.
INFORMATION. BECAUSE THESE ARE CRIMINAL
BECAUSE THESE ARE CRIMINAL ALLEGATIONS AGAINST THE
ALLEGATIONS AGAINST THE PRESIDENT, THOUGH, I THINK IT IS
PRESIDENT, THOUGH, I THINK IT IS WORTH STRESSING AT THE OUTSET
WORTH STRESSING AT THE OUTSET THAT WHEN YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT
THAT WHEN YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT ALLEGATIONS OF CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR
ALLEGATIONS OF CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR BY A SITTING PRESIDENT, THOSE
BY A SITTING PRESIDENT, THOSE ALLEGATIONS LIVE SORT OF ON LIKE
ALLEGATIONS LIVE SORT OF ON LIKE I GUESS IT’S PARALLEL PATHS.
I GUESS IT’S PARALLEL PATHS. NOT EXACTLY PARALLEL.
NOT EXACTLY PARALLEL. I THINK THEY MIGHT INTERSECT AT
I THINK THEY MIGHT INTERSECT AT SOME POINT DOWN THE ROAD, BUT
SOME POINT DOWN THE ROAD, BUT THERE IS AT LEAST TWO PATHS HERE
THERE IS AT LEAST TWO PATHS HERE WHEN YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT A
WHEN YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT A PRESIDENT AND POTENTIAL CRIMINAL
PRESIDENT AND POTENTIAL CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR.
BEHAVIOR. AND ONE CLEAR PATH IS DETERMINED
AND ONE CLEAR PATH IS DETERMINED BY THE FACT THAT THIS WAS
BY THE FACT THAT THIS WAS CONGRESSIONAL TESTIMONY TODAY,
CONGRESSIONAL TESTIMONY TODAY, RIGHT?
RIGHT? CONGRESS ITSELF HAS THE
CONGRESS ITSELF HAS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF OVERSIGHT AND
RESPONSIBILITY OF OVERSIGHT AND OF INVESTIGATING CREDIBLE
OF INVESTIGATING CREDIBLE ALLEGATIONS LIKE THIS ABOUT THE
ALLEGATIONS LIKE THIS ABOUT THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH, UP TO AND
EXECUTIVE BRANCH, UP TO AND INCLUDING THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF.
INCLUDING THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF. SO THAT’S ONE STRAIGHT FORWARD
SO THAT’S ONE STRAIGHT FORWARD PATH HERE, RIGHT.
PATH HERE, RIGHT. THE STRAIGHT FORWARD WAY A
THE STRAIGHT FORWARD WAY A CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEE IS
CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEE IS SUPPOSED TO HANDLE ALLEGATIONS
SUPPOSED TO HANDLE ALLEGATIONS LIKE THIS, INFORMATION LIKE THIS
LIKE THIS, INFORMATION LIKE THIS IS THAT THEY’RE SUPPOSED TO
IS THAT THEY’RE SUPPOSED TO INVESTIGATE IT THEMSELVES.
INVESTIGATE IT THEMSELVES. AND IF THE ALLEGATIONS ARE
AND IF THE ALLEGATIONS ARE SUBSTANTIATED, AND IF MEMBERS
SUBSTANTIATED, AND IF MEMBERS CONGRESS BELIEVE IT’S WARRANTED,
CONGRESS BELIEVE IT’S WARRANTED, THAT INFORMATION IS SUPPOSED TO
THAT INFORMATION IS SUPPOSED TO BECOME THE BASIS FOR POSSIBLE
BECOME THE BASIS FOR POSSIBLE IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS IN THE
IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS IN THE HOUSE, WHICH COULD EVENTUALLY
HOUSE, WHICH COULD EVENTUALLY LEAD TO A TRIAL IN THE SENATE,
LEAD TO A TRIAL IN THE SENATE, WHICH COULD EVENTUALLY LEAD TO A
WHICH COULD EVENTUALLY LEAD TO A PRESIDENT BEING REMOVED FROM
PRESIDENT BEING REMOVED FROM OFFICE.
OFFICE. THAT’S THE CLEAR STRAIGHT
THAT’S THE CLEAR STRAIGHT FORWARD CONSTITUTIONAL PATH
FORWARD CONSTITUTIONAL PATH HERE.
HERE. BUT THE OTHER PATH, THE OTHER
BUT THE OTHER PATH, THE OTHER PERHAPS PARALLEL, PERHAPS
PERHAPS PARALLEL, PERHAPS INTERSECTING PATH IS THE PATH OF
INTERSECTING PATH IS THE PATH OF THE CRIMINAL LAW.
THE CRIMINAL LAW. AND ONE OF THE THINGS ABOUT
AND ONE OF THE THINGS ABOUT LIVING THROUGH THIS TRUMP ERA IS
LIVING THROUGH THIS TRUMP ERA IS THAT IT HAS NEVER FULLY CLEAR TO
THAT IT HAS NEVER FULLY CLEAR TO US THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
US THE AMERICAN PEOPLE THROUGHOUT THE SCANDALS OF THIS
THROUGHOUT THE SCANDALS OF THIS PRESIDENCY JUST HOW SUSCEPTIBLE
PRESIDENCY JUST HOW SUSCEPTIBLE THIS SITTING PRESIDENT MIGHT BE
THIS SITTING PRESIDENT MIGHT BE TO POTENTIAL PROSECUTION
TO POTENTIAL PROSECUTION HIMSELF, NOT ONLY IN CONGRESS
HIMSELF, NOT ONLY IN CONGRESS AND A POTENTIAL IMPEACHMENT
AND A POTENTIAL IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDING, BUT POTENTIALLY IN A
PROCEEDING, BUT POTENTIALLY IN A COURT OF LAW AS WELL.
COURT OF LAW AS WELL. THERE IS, OF COURSE, SOMEWHAT
THERE IS, OF COURSE, SOMEWHAT CONTESTED JUSTICE DEPARTMENT
CONTESTED JUSTICE DEPARTMENT POLICY ABOUT WHETHER OR NOT A
POLICY ABOUT WHETHER OR NOT A PRESIDENT CAN BE INDICTED AND
PRESIDENT CAN BE INDICTED AND PROSECUTED WHILE HE IS SERVING
PROSECUTED WHILE HE IS SERVING IN OFFICE.
IN OFFICE. AND THAT IS NOT NECESSARILY AN
AND THAT IS NOT NECESSARILY AN OPEN AND SHUT CASE, IN PART
OPEN AND SHUT CASE, IN PART BECAUSE OF THE PROSPECT THAT THE
BECAUSE OF THE PROSPECT THAT THE PRESIDENT COULD BE INDICTED.
PRESIDENT COULD BE INDICTED. BUT THE INDICTMENT COULD BE
BUT THE INDICTMENT COULD BE SEALED UNTIL THE TIME THAT HE
SEALED UNTIL THE TIME THAT HE LEAVES OFFICE.
LEAVES OFFICE. THAT PUTS IT IN SORT OF A GRAY
THAT PUTS IT IN SORT OF A GRAY AREA IN TERMS OF HOW MUCH
AREA IN TERMS OF HOW MUCH INFLUENCE PROSECUTORS CAN
INFLUENCE PROSECUTORS CAN POTENTIALLY HAVE ON THE FUTURE
POTENTIALLY HAVE ON THE FUTURE OF A PRESIDENCY.
OF A PRESIDENCY. IF A SEALED INDICTMENT IS USED
IF A SEALED INDICTMENT IS USED AS THE BASIS FOR SOME SORT OF
AS THE BASIS FOR SOME SORT OF NEGOTIATION WITH THE PRESIDENT
NEGOTIATION WITH THE PRESIDENT OR HIS REPRESENTATIVES, THE IDEA
OR HIS REPRESENTATIVES, THE IDEA THAT THERE IS A BLACK AND WHITE
THAT THERE IS A BLACK AND WHITE PROHIBITION ON WHETHER OR NOT A
PROHIBITION ON WHETHER OR NOT A PRESIDENT FACES PROSECUTION
PRESIDENT FACES PROSECUTION AND/OR INDICTMENT GETS A LITTLE
AND/OR INDICTMENT GETS A LITTLE WOOLLY.
WOOLLY. AND WE DON’T NEED TO GO THROUGH
AND WE DON’T NEED TO GO THROUGH THE LONG AND SHORT OF THAT
THE LONG AND SHORT OF THAT JUSTICE DEPARTMENT POLICY AND
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT POLICY AND THE CONTROVERSY OVER THAT HERE,
THE CONTROVERSY OVER THAT HERE, BUT WE HAVE LIVED THROUGH SOME
BUT WE HAVE LIVED THROUGH SOME OF THIS ALREADY.
OF THIS ALREADY. ALREADY IN THE CRIMINAL CASE
ALREADY IN THE CRIMINAL CASE INVOLVING MICHAEL COHEN IN WHICH
INVOLVING MICHAEL COHEN IN WHICH HE PLEAD GUILTY TO MULTIPLE
HE PLEAD GUILTY TO MULTIPLE FELONIES, AND FOR WHICH HE WILL
FELONIES, AND FOR WHICH HE WILL START SERVING A PRISON SENTENCE
START SERVING A PRISON SENTENCE IN A MATTER OF WEEKS, ALREADY IN
IN A MATTER OF WEEKS, ALREADY IN THE COHEN CASE IN THE SOUTHERN
THE COHEN CASE IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, FEDERAL
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, FEDERAL PROSECUTORS FROM THAT SOUTHERN
PROSECUTORS FROM THAT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK HAVE
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK HAVE ALREADY DESCRIBED PRESIDENT
ALREADY DESCRIBED PRESIDENT TRUMP AS PERSONALLY IMPLICATED
TRUMP AS PERSONALLY IMPLICATED IN TWO OF THE FELONIES TO WHICH
IN TWO OF THE FELONIES TO WHICH COHEN PLEAD GUILTY.
COHEN PLEAD GUILTY. WELL, ON TOP OF THAT, ONE OF THE
WELL, ON TOP OF THAT, ONE OF THE SURPRISE REVELATIONS FROM
SURPRISE REVELATIONS FROM TODAY’S HEARING CAME IN AN
TODAY’S HEARING CAME IN AN INTERACTION BETWEEN MICHAEL
INTERACTION BETWEEN MICHAEL COHEN AND DEMOCRATIC CONGRESSMAN
COHEN AND DEMOCRATIC CONGRESSMAN RAJ THAT KRISHNAN MURPHY.
RAJ THAT KRISHNAN MURPHY. IN THAT INTERACTION, COHEN
IN THAT INTERACTION, COHEN REVEALED THAT THOSE SAME
REVEALED THAT THOSE SAME PROSECUTORS IN THE SOUTHERN
PROSECUTORS IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK ARE,
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK ARE, ACCORDING TO HIM, LOOKING AT
ACCORDING TO HIM, LOOKING AT OTHER THINGS THAT MAY ALSO
OTHER THINGS THAT MAY ALSO RELATE TO THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF.
RELATE TO THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF. >> WHEN WAS THE LAST
>> WHEN WAS THE LAST COMMUNICATION WITH PRESIDENT
COMMUNICATION WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP OR SOMEONE ACTING ON HIS
TRUMP OR SOMEONE ACTING ON HIS BEHALF?
BEHALF? >> I DON’T HAVE THE SPECIFIC
>> I DON’T HAVE THE SPECIFIC DATE, BUT IT WAS A WHILE AGO.
DATE, BUT IT WAS A WHILE AGO. >> OKAY.
>> OKAY. DO YOU HAVE A GENERAL TIME
DO YOU HAVE A GENERAL TIME FRAME?
FRAME? >> I WOULD SUSPECT IT WAS WITHIN
>> I WOULD SUSPECT IT WAS WITHIN TWO MONTHS POST THE RAID OF MY
TWO MONTHS POST THE RAID OF MY HOME.
HOME. >> OKAY.
>> OKAY. >> HOTEL.
>> HOTEL. >> SO EARLY FALL OF LAST YEAR?
>> SO EARLY FALL OF LAST YEAR? GENERALLY?
GENERALLY? >> GENERALLY.
>> GENERALLY. >> AND WHAT DID HE OR HIS AGENT
>> AND WHAT DID HE OR HIS AGENT COMMUNICATE TO YOU?
COMMUNICATE TO YOU? >> UNFORTUNATELY, THIS TOPIC IS
>> UNFORTUNATELY, THIS TOPIC IS ACTUALLY SOMETHING THAT’S BEING
ACTUALLY SOMETHING THAT’S BEING INVESTIGATED RIGHT NOW BY THE
INVESTIGATED RIGHT NOW BY THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK,
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND I’VE BEEN ASKED BY THEM NOT
AND I’VE BEEN ASKED BY THEM NOT TO DISCUSS IT, NOT TO TALK ABOUT
TO DISCUSS IT, NOT TO TALK ABOUT THESE ISSUES.
THESE ISSUES. >> FAIR ENOUGH.
>> FAIR ENOUGH. >> MICHAEL COHEN TELLING
>> MICHAEL COHEN TELLING CONGRESSMAN KRISHNAMOORTHI TODAY
CONGRESSMAN KRISHNAMOORTHI TODAY THAT SOMETHING ABOUT HIS
THAT SOMETHING ABOUT HIS INTERACTIONS WITH THE PRESIDENT
INTERACTIONS WITH THE PRESIDENT AFTER THE FBI RAIDED COHEN’S
AFTER THE FBI RAIDED COHEN’S HOME AND OFFICE SERVING SEARCH
HOME AND OFFICE SERVING SEARCH WARRANTS TO SEIZE MATERIALS FROM
WARRANTS TO SEIZE MATERIALS FROM HIM, SOMETHING ABOUT
HIM, SOMETHING ABOUT INTERACTIONS HE MAY HAVE HAD
INTERACTIONS HE MAY HAVE HAD WITH THE PRESIDENT OR THE
WITH THE PRESIDENT OR THE PRESIDENT’S AGENT ACCORDING TO
PRESIDENT’S AGENT ACCORDING TO MR. COHEN ARE THE SUBJECT OF
MR. COHEN ARE THE SUBJECT OF CURRENT INVESTIGATION RIGHT NOW
CURRENT INVESTIGATION RIGHT NOW BY THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
BY THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
YORK. NOW I DON’T KNOW WHAT THAT IS.
NOW I DON’T KNOW WHAT THAT IS. I’VE NEVER HEARD OF ANYTHING
I’VE NEVER HEARD OF ANYTHING LIKE THAT BEFORE IN ALL OF THE
LIKE THAT BEFORE IN ALL OF THE OPEN SOURCE REPORTING THAT WE
OPEN SOURCE REPORTING THAT WE HAVE DONE ON THIS SCANDAL AND
HAVE DONE ON THIS SCANDAL AND RELATED MATTERS.
RELATED MATTERS. BUT IF THIS IS REFERENCE TO
BUT IF THIS IS REFERENCE TO ANOTHER OPEN INVESTIGATION BY
ANOTHER OPEN INVESTIGATION BY FEDERAL PROSECUTORS INVOLVING
FEDERAL PROSECUTORS INVOLVING THE SITTING PRESIDENT, THEN
THE SITTING PRESIDENT, THEN THAT’S BIG NEWS AND IT’S NEWS
THAT’S BIG NEWS AND IT’S NEWS THAT WE DID NOT HAVE BEFORE
THAT WE DID NOT HAVE BEFORE TODAY.
TODAY. AND THEN RIGHT AWAY, RIGHT AFTER
AND THEN RIGHT AWAY, RIGHT AFTER THAT REVELATION IN TODAY’S
THAT REVELATION IN TODAY’S HEARING, THERE WAS MORE, AND IT
HEARING, THERE WAS MORE, AND IT CAME NEXT IN THIS SAME BACK AND
CAME NEXT IN THIS SAME BACK AND FORTH BETWEEN RAJA
FORTH BETWEEN RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI AND MICHAEL
KRISHNAMOORTHI AND MICHAEL COHEN.
COHEN. >> FAIR ENOUGH.
>> FAIR ENOUGH. IS THERE ANY OTHER WRONGDOING OR
IS THERE ANY OTHER WRONGDOING OR ILLEGAL ACT THAT YOU ARE AWARE
ILLEGAL ACT THAT YOU ARE AWARE OF REGARDING DONALD TRUMP THAT
OF REGARDING DONALD TRUMP THAT WE HAVEN’T YET DISCUSSED TODAY?
WE HAVEN’T YET DISCUSSED TODAY? >> YES, AND AGAIN, THOSE ARE
>> YES, AND AGAIN, THOSE ARE PART OF THE INVESTIGATION THAT’S
PART OF THE INVESTIGATION THAT’S CURRENTLY BEING LOOKED AT BY THE
CURRENTLY BEING LOOKED AT BY THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK. >> WRONGDOING OR ILLEGAL ACTS
>> WRONGDOING OR ILLEGAL ACTS YOU’RE AWARE OF REGARDING DONALD
YOU’RE AWARE OF REGARDING DONALD TRUMP?
TRUMP? YES.
YES. WE DO NOT KNOW WHAT MICHAEL
WE DO NOT KNOW WHAT MICHAEL COHEN IS REFERRING TO THERE.
COHEN IS REFERRING TO THERE. AND HONESTLY, WE DON’T KNOW IF
AND HONESTLY, WE DON’T KNOW IF HE’S RIGHT, RIGHT?
HE’S RIGHT, RIGHT? BUT IF HE’S RIGHT, WHAT HE’S
BUT IF HE’S RIGHT, WHAT HE’S DESCRIBING IS A PREVIOUSLY
DESCRIBING IS A PREVIOUSLY UNKNOWN OPEN ONGOING FEDERAL
UNKNOWN OPEN ONGOING FEDERAL CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION INVOLVING
CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION INVOLVING SOMETHING RELATED TO THE
SOMETHING RELATED TO THE PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. NOW MICHAEL COHEN SAYS THAT
NOW MICHAEL COHEN SAYS THAT INVESTIGATION IS BEING PURSUED
INVESTIGATION IS BEING PURSUED BY THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
BY THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK THAT IS THE U.S. ATTORNEY’S
YORK THAT IS THE U.S. ATTORNEY’S OFFICE THAT PROSECUTED HIM.
OFFICE THAT PROSECUTED HIM. THAT IS THE U.S. ATTORNEY’S
THAT IS THE U.S. ATTORNEY’S OFFICE IN WHICH PROSECUTORS HAVE
OFFICE IN WHICH PROSECUTORS HAVE ALREADY TOLD A FEDERAL JUDGE IN
ALREADY TOLD A FEDERAL JUDGE IN THE COHEN CASE THAT IT WAS THE
THE COHEN CASE THAT IT WAS THE PRESIDENT WHO DIRECTED THE
PRESIDENT WHO DIRECTED THE COMMISSION OF THOSE TWO CAMPAIGN
COMMISSION OF THOSE TWO CAMPAIGN FINANCE FLYNNS TO WHICH S TOFELO
FINANCE FLYNNS TO WHICH S TOFELO HAS PLEAD GUILTY.
HAS PLEAD GUILTY. NOW ONE QUIET SUBPLOT WHICH HAS
NOW ONE QUIET SUBPLOT WHICH HAS BEEN UNFOLDING OVER THE LAST FEW
BEEN UNFOLDING OVER THE LAST FEW DAYS IS THE PROCESS THAT THE
DAYS IS THE PROCESS THAT THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE IN CONGRESS
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE IN CONGRESS HAS OBTAINED EVIDENCE THAT THE
HAS OBTAINED EVIDENCE THAT THE PRESIDENT HAS BEEN LEANING ON
PRESIDENT HAS BEEN LEANING ON THAT U.S. ATTORNEY’S OFFICE,
THAT U.S. ATTORNEY’S OFFICE, THAT THE PRESIDENT HAS BEEN
THAT THE PRESIDENT HAS BEEN TRYING TO GET JUSTICE DEPARTMENT
TRYING TO GET JUSTICE DEPARTMENT OFFICIALS TO INTERVENE IN THAT
OFFICIALS TO INTERVENE IN THAT OFFICE IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT
OFFICE IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK TO TRY TO GET HIS
OF NEW YORK TO TRY TO GET HIS OWN PREFERRED PROSECUTOR TO TAKE
OWN PREFERRED PROSECUTOR TO TAKE OVER THE INVESTIGATIONS IN THAT
OVER THE INVESTIGATIONS IN THAT OFFICE THAT PERTAIN TO MICHAEL
OFFICE THAT PERTAIN TO MICHAEL COHEN AND THAT POTENTIALLY
COHEN AND THAT POTENTIALLY PERTAIN TO THE PRESIDENT AS
PERTAIN TO THE PRESIDENT AS WELL.
WELL. THIS HAS BEEN SORT OF A QUIET
THIS HAS BEEN SORT OF A QUIET SUBPLOT.
SUBPLOT. IT HAS UNFOLDED LARGELY AROUND
IT HAS UNFOLDED LARGELY AROUND THE SCANDAL INVOLVING MATTHEW
THE SCANDAL INVOLVING MATTHEW WHITAKER HAVING SERVED AS ACTING
WHITAKER HAVING SERVED AS ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL FOR A SHORT
ATTORNEY GENERAL FOR A SHORT TIME.
TIME. BUT IF THE FEDERAL PROSECUTORS
BUT IF THE FEDERAL PROSECUTORS WHO HAVE ALREADY ACCUSED THE
WHO HAVE ALREADY ACCUSED THE PRESIDENT OF BEING IMPLICATED IN
PRESIDENT OF BEING IMPLICATED IN TWO FELONIES ARE NOW TODAY
TWO FELONIES ARE NOW TODAY REVEALED TO BE PURSUING
REVEALED TO BE PURSUING ADDITIONAL CRIMINAL
ADDITIONAL CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION SS THAT ALSO RELAT
INVESTIGATION SS THAT ALSO RELAT TO THE PRESIDENT, THEN ANY
TO THE PRESIDENT, THEN ANY POTENTIAL EFFORT BY THE
POTENTIAL EFFORT BY THE PRESIDENT TO MESS WITH THAT U.S.
PRESIDENT TO MESS WITH THAT U.S. ATTORNEY’S OFFICE, THAT MAY
ATTORNEY’S OFFICE, THAT MAY QUICKLY BECOME ONE OF THE MOST
QUICKLY BECOME ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT STORIES IN THE WHOLE
IMPORTANT STORIES IN THE WHOLE COUNTRY.
COUNTRY. PARTICULARLY IF THE FELONIES
PARTICULARLY IF THE FELONIES ALREADY PROSECUTED BY THAT
ALREADY PROSECUTED BY THAT OFFICE AGAINST COHEN ARE ABOUT
OFFICE AGAINST COHEN ARE ABOUT TO MATTETASTASIZE INTO SERIOUS
TO MATTETASTASIZE INTO SERIOUS TROUBLE FOR THE PRESIDENT, FOR
TROUBLE FOR THE PRESIDENT, FOR HIS BUSINESS AND FOR HIS FAMILY.
HIS BUSINESS AND FOR HIS FAMILY. >> I WANT TO FOCUS MY QUESTIONS
>> I WANT TO FOCUS MY QUESTIONS ON THE SMOKING GUN DOCUMENT YOU
ON THE SMOKING GUN DOCUMENT YOU HAVE PROVIDED THIS COMMITTEE.
HAVE PROVIDED THIS COMMITTEE. THIS DOCUMENT IS COMPELLING
THIS DOCUMENT IS COMPELLING EVIDENCE OF FEDERAL AND STATE
EVIDENCE OF FEDERAL AND STATE CRIMES, INCLUDING FINANCIAL
CRIMES, INCLUDING FINANCIAL FRAUD.
FRAUD. YOU PROVIDED THIS COMMITTEE WITH
YOU PROVIDED THIS COMMITTEE WITH A CHECK FROM PRESIDENT DONALD J.
A CHECK FROM PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP’S REVOCABLE TRUST ACCOUNT
TRUMP’S REVOCABLE TRUST ACCOUNT WHICH IS MARKED AS EXHIBIT 5-B.
WHICH IS MARKED AS EXHIBIT 5-B. IT IS A CHECK FOR $35,000, AND
IT IS A CHECK FOR $35,000, AND IT IS DATED MARCH 17th, 2017,
IT IS DATED MARCH 17th, 2017, AFTER THE PRESIDENT TOOK OFFICE.
AFTER THE PRESIDENT TOOK OFFICE. IT’S RIGHT NOW ON THE SCREEN.
IT’S RIGHT NOW ON THE SCREEN. DO YOU SEE IT, SIR?
DO YOU SEE IT, SIR? >> YES, SIR.
>> YES, SIR. >> TODAY YOU TESTIFIED THAT THE
>> TODAY YOU TESTIFIED THAT THE CHECK WAS SIGNED BY DONALD TRUMP
CHECK WAS SIGNED BY DONALD TRUMP JR. AND THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION
JR. AND THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION CFO ALLEN WEISSELBERG.
CFO ALLEN WEISSELBERG. IS THAT CORRECT?
IS THAT CORRECT? .
. THAT IS CORRECT.
THAT IS CORRECT. AS FEDERAL PROSECUTORS LAID OUT
AS FEDERAL PROSECUTORS LAID OUT IN THEIR CRIMINAL CHARGES,
IN THEIR CRIMINAL CHARGES, PAYMENTS LUCKY THIS CHECK
PAYMENTS LUCKY THIS CHECK RESULTED IN NUMEROUS FALSE
RESULTED IN NUMEROUS FALSE STATEMENTS IN THE BOOKS AND
STATEMENTS IN THE BOOKS AND RECORDS OF THE TRUMP
RECORDS OF THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION.
ORGANIZATION. IT’S IMPORTANT FOR THE AMERICAN
IT’S IMPORTANT FOR THE AMERICAN PUBLIC TO UNDERSTAND THIS.
PUBLIC TO UNDERSTAND THIS. NOTHING TO DO WITH COLLUSION.
NOTHING TO DO WITH COLLUSION. THIS IS FINANCIAL FRAUD, GARDEN
THIS IS FINANCIAL FRAUD, GARDEN VARIETY FINANCIAL FRAUD.
VARIETY FINANCIAL FRAUD. IT WAS DISGUISED AS A PAYMENT
IT WAS DISGUISED AS A PAYMENT FOR LEGAL SERVICES TO YOU, BUT
FOR LEGAL SERVICES TO YOU, BUT THIS WAS NOT A PAYMENT FOR LEGAL
THIS WAS NOT A PAYMENT FOR LEGAL SERVICE, WAS IT, MR. COHEN?
SERVICE, WAS IT, MR. COHEN? >> NO, SIR.
>> NO, SIR. >> IT COULD GIVE RISE TO SERIOUS
>> IT COULD GIVE RISE TO SERIOUS STATE AND FEDERAL CRIMINAL
STATE AND FEDERAL CRIMINAL LIABILITY IF A CORPORATION IS
LIABILITY IF A CORPORATION IS COOKING ITS BOOKS.
COOKING ITS BOOKS. BASED ON YOUR TESTIMONY TODAY,
BASED ON YOUR TESTIMONY TODAY, DONALD TRUMP JR. AND ALLEN
DONALD TRUMP JR. AND ALLEN WEISSELBERG DIRECTED THIS
WEISSELBERG DIRECTED THIS PAYMENT TO YOU AND APPROVED THIS
PAYMENT TO YOU AND APPROVED THIS PAYMENT.
PAYMENT. THAT RIGHT?
THAT RIGHT? >> MR. TRUMP INITIALLY
>> MR. TRUMP INITIALLY ACKNOWLEDGED THE OBLIGATION, THE
ACKNOWLEDGED THE OBLIGATION, THE DEBT.
DEBT. MYSELF AND ALLEN WEISSELBERG
MYSELF AND ALLEN WEISSELBERG WENT BACK TO HIS OFFICE, AND I
WENT BACK TO HIS OFFICE, AND I WAS INSTRUCTED BY ALLEN AT THE
WAS INSTRUCTED BY ALLEN AT THE TIME THAT THEY WERE GOING TO DO
TIME THAT THEY WERE GOING TO DO THIS OVER 12 INSTALLMENTS.
THIS OVER 12 INSTALLMENTS. AND WHAT HE DECIDED TO DO THEN
AND WHAT HE DECIDED TO DO THEN WAS TO HAVE ME SEND AN INVOICE
WAS TO HAVE ME SEND AN INVOICE IN WHICH CASE THEY COULD HAVE A
IN WHICH CASE THEY COULD HAVE A CHECK CUT, AND THEN, YES, THE
CHECK CUT, AND THEN, YES, THE ANSWER WOULD BE YES TO YOUR
ANSWER WOULD BE YES TO YOUR FOLLOW-UP QUESTION.
FOLLOW-UP QUESTION. >> AND DONALD TRUMP JR.
>> AND DONALD TRUMP JR. OBVIOUSLY SIGNED OFF ON THIS?
OBVIOUSLY SIGNED OFF ON THIS? >> YES.
>> YES. IT WOULD EITHER BE ERIC TRUMP,
IT WOULD EITHER BE ERIC TRUMP, DONALD TRUMP JR., AND/OR ALLEN
DONALD TRUMP JR., AND/OR ALLEN WEISSELBERG.
WEISSELBERG. BUT ALWAYS ALLEN WEISSELBERG ON
BUT ALWAYS ALLEN WEISSELBERG ON THE CHECK.
THE CHECK. >> I JUST WANT THE AMERICAN
>> I JUST WANT THE AMERICAN PUBLIC TO UNDERSTAND THE
PUBLIC TO UNDERSTAND THE EXPLOSIVE NATURE OF YOUR
EXPLOSIVE NATURE OF YOUR TESTIMONY ON THIS DOCUMENT.
TESTIMONY ON THIS DOCUMENT. ARE YOU TELLING US, MR. COHEN,
ARE YOU TELLING US, MR. COHEN, THAT THE PRESIDENT DIRECTED
THAT THE PRESIDENT DIRECTED TRANSACTIONS IN CONSPIRACY WITH
TRANSACTIONS IN CONSPIRACY WITH ALLEN WEISSELBERG AND HIS SON,
ALLEN WEISSELBERG AND HIS SON, DONALD TRUMP JR. AS PART OF A
DONALD TRUMP JR. AS PART OF A CIVIL CRIMINAL -- AS PART OF A
CIVIL CRIMINAL -- AS PART OF A CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY OF FINANCIAL
CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY OF FINANCIAL FRAUD?
FRAUD? IS THAT YOUR TESTIMONY TODAY?
IS THAT YOUR TESTIMONY TODAY? >> YES.
>> YES. >> AND DO YOU KNOW IF THIS
>> AND DO YOU KNOW IF THIS CRIMINAL FINANCIAL SCHEME THAT
CRIMINAL FINANCIAL SCHEME THAT THE PRESIDENT, ALLEN WEISSELBERG
THE PRESIDENT, ALLEN WEISSELBERG AND DONALD TRUMP JR. BEING
AND DONALD TRUMP JR. BEING INVOLVED IN IS BEING
INVOLVED IN IS BEING INVESTIGATED BY THE SOUTHERN
INVESTIGATED BY THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK?
DISTRICT OF NEW YORK? >> I’D RATHER NOT DISCUSS THAT
>> I’D RATHER NOT DISCUSS THAT QUESTION BECAUSE IT COULD BE
QUESTION BECAUSE IT COULD BE PART OF AN INVESTIGATION THAT’S
PART OF AN INVESTIGATION THAT’S CURRENTLY ONGOING.
CURRENTLY ONGOING. >> BUT I JUST WANT THE AMERICAN
>> BUT I JUST WANT THE AMERICAN PUBLIC TO UNDERSTAND THAT SOLELY
PUBLIC TO UNDERSTAND THAT SOLELY APART FROM BOB MUELLER’S
APART FROM BOB MUELLER’S INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. >> THERE IS GARDEN VARIETY
>> THERE IS GARDEN VARIETY FINANCIAL FRAUD, AND YOUR
FINANCIAL FRAUD, AND YOUR ALLEGATION AND THE SMOKING GUN
ALLEGATION AND THE SMOKING GUN EXPLOSIVE DOCUMENTS SUGGEST THAT
EXPLOSIVE DOCUMENTS SUGGEST THAT THE PRESIDENT, HIS SON AND THE
THE PRESIDENT, HIS SON AND THE CFO MAY BE INVOLVED IN A
CFO MAY BE INVOLVED IN A CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY.
CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY. AND ISN’T IT TRUE, MR. COHEN,
AND ISN’T IT TRUE, MR. COHEN, THAT THIS CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY,
THAT THIS CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY, THAT INVOLVED FOUR PEOPLE, THAT
THAT INVOLVED FOUR PEOPLE, THAT THERE IS ONLY ONE PERSON SO FAR
THERE IS ONLY ONE PERSON SO FAR THAT SUFFERED THE REPERCUSSION,
THAT SUFFERED THE REPERCUSSION, AND THAT’S WHY YOU’RE IN JAIL?
AND THAT’S WHY YOU’RE IN JAIL? >> WILL BE GOING TO JAIL, YES.
>> WILL BE GOING TO JAIL, YES. >> THE THREE OTHER PEOPLE,
>> THE THREE OTHER PEOPLE, THOUGH, WHO WERE EQUALLY
THOUGH, WHO WERE EQUALLY INVOLVED IN THIS CONSPIRACY, IS
INVOLVED IN THIS CONSPIRACY, IS THAT TRUE?
THAT TRUE? >> YES, IT IS TRUE.
>> YES, IT IS TRUE. >> CONGRESSMAN RO KHANNA TODAY
>> CONGRESSMAN RO KHANNA TODAY PUTTING A FINE POINT ON ONE OF
PUTTING A FINE POINT ON ONE OF THE FOUR SERIOUS ALLEGATIONS OF
THE FOUR SERIOUS ALLEGATIONS OF CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR MADE AGAINST
CRIMINAL BEHAVIOR MADE AGAINST THE PRESIDENT AND THOSE CLOSEST
THE PRESIDENT AND THOSE CLOSEST TO HIM TODAY.
TO HIM TODAY. THE GARDEN VARIETY FINANCIAL
THE GARDEN VARIETY FINANCIAL FRAUD AS HE PUT IT AT ISSUE HERE
FRAUD AS HE PUT IT AT ISSUE HERE IS ABOUT THE PAYMENT OF $130,000
IS ABOUT THE PAYMENT OF $130,000 TO STOP A WOMAN FROM SAYING
TO STOP A WOMAN FROM SAYING BEFORE THE ELECTION THAT SHE HAD
BEFORE THE ELECTION THAT SHE HAD BEEN SEXUALLY INVOLVED WITH
BEEN SEXUALLY INVOLVED WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP.
PRESIDENT TRUMP. THAT PAYMENT HAS BEEN PROSECUTED
THAT PAYMENT HAS BEEN PROSECUTED IN FEDERAL COURT ALREADY AS AN
IN FEDERAL COURT ALREADY AS AN ILLEGAL CAMPAIGN PROSECUTION.
ILLEGAL CAMPAIGN PROSECUTION. TODAY THE MAN WHO MADE THE
TODAY THE MAN WHO MADE THE PAYMENT PRODUCED A CHECK SIGNED
PAYMENT PRODUCED A CHECK SIGNED BY PRESIDENT TRUMP AND HE
BY PRESIDENT TRUMP AND HE PRODUCED A CHECK APPARENTLY
PRODUCED A CHECK APPARENTLY SIGNED BY PRESIDENT TRUMP’S
SIGNED BY PRESIDENT TRUMP’S ELDEST SON DONALD JR. AND
ELDEST SON DONALD JR. AND COSIGNED BY THE CFO OF THE TRUMP
COSIGNED BY THE CFO OF THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION, ALLEN WEISSELBERG.
ORGANIZATION, ALLEN WEISSELBERG. COHEN SAYS THERE ARE NINE OTHER
COHEN SAYS THERE ARE NINE OTHER CHECKS IN TOTAL, ALL THAT ADD UP
CHECKS IN TOTAL, ALL THAT ADD UP TO HIS REIMBURSEMENT FOR MAKING
TO HIS REIMBURSEMENT FOR MAKING THOSE ILLEGAL CAMPAIGN
THOSE ILLEGAL CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS.
CONTRIBUTIONS. HE SAYS HE WILL PROVIDE THOSE
HE SAYS HE WILL PROVIDE THOSE OTHER NINE CHECKS TO THE
OTHER NINE CHECKS TO THE COMMITTEE AS WELL.
COMMITTEE AS WELL. COHEN ALSO SAID TODAY THAT THIS
COHEN ALSO SAID TODAY THAT THIS IS POTENTIALLY A MATTER OF
IS POTENTIALLY A MATTER OF ONGOING INVESTIGATION IN,
ONGOING INVESTIGATION IN, NATURALLY, THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT
NATURALLY, THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
OF NEW YORK. SO WHAT DOES THIS MEAN?
SO WHAT DOES THIS MEAN? OBVIOUSLY MICHAEL COHEN IS
OBVIOUSLY MICHAEL COHEN IS ALREADY GOING TO PRISON FOR
ALREADY GOING TO PRISON FOR THIS.
THIS. WHAT DOES THIS MEAN NOW THAT
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN NOW THAT HE’S PRODUCED THESE DOCUMENTS
HE’S PRODUCED THESE DOCUMENTS AND MADE THESE ALLEGATIONS?
AND MADE THESE ALLEGATIONS? WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR THE
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR THE OTHER ENTITIES WHO HE SAYS WERE
OTHER ENTITIES WHO HE SAYS WERE WITTINGLY INVOLVED IN THIS
WITTINGLY INVOLVED IN THIS CRIME, THE PRESIDENT’S BUSINESS,
CRIME, THE PRESIDENT’S BUSINESS, ITS EXECUTIVES, INCLUDING HIS
ITS EXECUTIVES, INCLUDING HIS ELDEST SON DONALD JR. WHO SIGNED
ELDEST SON DONALD JR. WHO SIGNED THAT CHECK, WHO MR. COHEN TODAY
THAT CHECK, WHO MR. COHEN TODAY SAID WAS EXECUTIVE TO IN HIS OWN
SAID WAS EXECUTIVE TO IN HIS OWN CRIMINAL CHARGES DOCUMENTS.
CRIMINAL CHARGES DOCUMENTS. THAT’S DON JR.
THAT’S DON JR. WHAT DOES IT -- WHAT DOES IT
WHAT DOES IT -- WHAT DOES IT MEAN ALSO FOR INDIVIDUAL 1 AS
MEAN ALSO FOR INDIVIDUAL 1 AS PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DESCRIBED IN
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DESCRIBED IN MR. COHEN’S CHARGING DOCUMENTS?
MR. COHEN’S CHARGING DOCUMENTS? IF THE PRESIDENT IS ALREADY
IF THE PRESIDENT IS ALREADY IDENTIFIED AS A CONSPIRATOR IN
IDENTIFIED AS A CONSPIRATOR IN THOSE FELONIES, IF HIS NAME IS
THOSE FELONIES, IF HIS NAME IS IN FACT ON THOSE CHECKS, AND
IN FACT ON THOSE CHECKS, AND THOSE PROSECUTORS ARE STILL
THOSE PROSECUTORS ARE STILL ACTIVELY PURSUING IT, HOW MUCH
ACTIVELY PURSUING IT, HOW MUCH WORSE ARE THINGS FOR THE
WORSE ARE THINGS FOR THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF?
PRESIDENT HIMSELF? LET’S BRING IN SOME EXPERT HELP
LET’S BRING IN SOME EXPERT HELP ON THAT.
ON THAT. JOINING US NOW IS JOYCE VANCE,
JOINING US NOW IS JOYCE VANCE, FORMER U.S. ATTORNEY IN THE
FORMER U.S. ATTORNEY IN THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA.
NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA. JOYCE, THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE
JOYCE, THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE TONIGHT.
TONIGHT. I KNOW IT HAS BEEN A DENSE DAY
I KNOW IT HAS BEEN A DENSE DAY OF FOLLOWING ALL THIS
OF FOLLOWING ALL THIS INFORMATION.
INFORMATION. >> IT’S A SMORGASBORD KIND OF
>> IT’S A SMORGASBORD KIND OF DAY, RIGHT?
DAY, RIGHT? >> COHEN PROVIDES THESE TWO
>> COHEN PROVIDES THESE TWO CHECKS FROM MARCH AND AUGUST OF
CHECKS FROM MARCH AND AUGUST OF 2017, ONE SIGNED BY THE
2017, ONE SIGNED BY THE PRESIDENT, ONE SIGNED BY THE CFO
PRESIDENT, ONE SIGNED BY THE CFO AND HIS ELDEST SON.
AND HIS ELDEST SON. RO KHANNA THERE CALLED THAT
RO KHANNA THERE CALLED THAT EVIDENCE OF A CRIMINAL
EVIDENCE OF A CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY OF FINANCIAL FRAUD.
CONSPIRACY OF FINANCIAL FRAUD. DOES THAT MAKE SENSE AS A LEGAL
DOES THAT MAKE SENSE AS A LEGAL MATTER?
MATTER? >> IT DOES AND IT DOESN’T.
>> IT DOES AND IT DOESN’T. IT DOES IN THE SENSE THAT IT
IT DOES IN THE SENSE THAT IT LOOKS LIKE THERE IS THIS ONGOING
LOOKS LIKE THERE IS THIS ONGOING EFFORT TO TAKE PAYMENTS THAT ARE
EFFORT TO TAKE PAYMENTS THAT ARE RELATED TO THE CAMPAIGN AND TURN
RELATED TO THE CAMPAIGN AND TURN THEM INTO SOMETHING THAT’S TAX
THEM INTO SOMETHING THAT’S TAX DEDUCTIBLE ON THE COMPANY’S
DEDUCTIBLE ON THE COMPANY’S BOOKS.
BOOKS. WHERE I’M LESS CLEAR, THOUGH, IS
WHERE I’M LESS CLEAR, THOUGH, IS WHEN WE TALK ABOUT WHOSE
WHEN WE TALK ABOUT WHOSE INVOLVED IN A CONSPIRACY.
INVOLVED IN A CONSPIRACY. AND I HATE THIS IDEA OF
AND I HATE THIS IDEA OF QUESTIONING WITNESSES IN
QUESTIONING WITNESSES IN FIVE-MINUTE BLIPS, BECAUSE JUST
FIVE-MINUTE BLIPS, BECAUSE JUST WHEN THEY GET TO THE GODOD
WHEN THEY GET TO THE GODOD POINTS, THEY CUT OFF.
POINTS, THEY CUT OFF. AND WE REALLY NEEDED TO HEAR
AND WE REALLY NEEDED TO HEAR MORE ABOUT DONALD TRUMP JR.’S
MORE ABOUT DONALD TRUMP JR.’S INVOLVEMENT, ABOUT ERIC TRUMP’S
INVOLVEMENT, ABOUT ERIC TRUMP’S INVOLVEMENT.
INVOLVEMENT. DID THEY KNOW WHAT WAS INVOLVED
DID THEY KNOW WHAT WAS INVOLVED WHEN THEY WERE SIGNING THOSE
WHEN THEY WERE SIGNING THOSE CHECKS?
CHECKS? OR DID SOMEONE JUST PUT THEM IN
OR DID SOMEONE JUST PUT THEM IN FRONT OF THEM?
FRONT OF THEM? THERE IS CERTAINLY A LOT THAT
THERE IS CERTAINLY A LOT THAT NEEDS TO BE INVESTIGATED HERE.
NEEDS TO BE INVESTIGATED HERE. >> HE CERTAINLY WAS -- HE GAVE
>> HE CERTAINLY WAS -- HE GAVE DETAILED AND REPEATED TESTIMONY
DETAILED AND REPEATED TESTIMONY ABT ALLEN WEISSELBERG, HAVING
ABT ALLEN WEISSELBERG, HAVING ESSENTIALLY HATCHED THE PLOT AT
ESSENTIALLY HATCHED THE PLOT AT TRUMP’S DIRECTION IN CONJUNCTION
TRUMP’S DIRECTION IN CONJUNCTION WITH COHEN.
WITH COHEN. >> THAT PART SEEMED CLEAR.
>> THAT PART SEEMED CLEAR. WE KNOW WEISSELBERG HAS IMMUNITY
WE KNOW WEISSELBERG HAS IMMUNITY FOR SOME TESTIMONY THAT HE GAVE
FOR SOME TESTIMONY THAT HE GAVE THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
YORK. WE DON’T KNOW THE CONTOURS OF
WE DON’T KNOW THE CONTOURS OF THAT.
THAT. IT COULD BE ABOUT THIS OR
IT COULD BE ABOUT THIS OR SOMETHING ELSE.
SOMETHING ELSE. >> LET ME -- I WANT TO PLAY ONE
>> LET ME -- I WANT TO PLAY ONE OTHER PIECE OF TAPE ON THIS
OTHER PIECE OF TAPE ON THIS SUBJECT, BECAUSE IT GOES TO THE
SUBJECT, BECAUSE IT GOES TO THE IDEA THAT THERE WAS NOT JUST A
IDEA THAT THERE WAS NOT JUST A CRIME COMMITTED HERE IN TERMS OF
CRIME COMMITTED HERE IN TERMS OF ILLEGAL CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTION,
ILLEGAL CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTION, BUT THERE MAY HAVE BEEN A CRIME
BUT THERE MAY HAVE BEEN A CRIME OR CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY, OR I’LL
OR CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY, OR I’LL LET YOU EXPLAIN IT, IN TERMS OF
LET YOU EXPLAIN IT, IN TERMS OF COVERING IT UP, IN TERMS OF
COVERING IT UP, IN TERMS OF TRYING TO MAKE THIS LOOK LIKE
TRYING TO MAKE THIS LOOK LIKE SOMETHING THAT IT WASN’T.
SOMETHING THAT IT WASN’T. I WANT TO PLAY A LITTLE EXCHANGE
I WANT TO PLAY A LITTLE EXCHANGE FOR YOU THAT HAPPENED BETWEEN
FOR YOU THAT HAPPENED BETWEEN COHEN AND CONGRESSWOMAN KATIE
COHEN AND CONGRESSWOMAN KATIE HILL.
HILL. CHECK IT OUT.
CHECK IT OUT. >> I HAD GONE INTO MR. TRUMP’S
>> I HAD GONE INTO MR. TRUMP’S OFFICE, AS I DID AFTER EACH AND
OFFICE, AS I DID AFTER EACH AND EVERY CONVERSATION, AND HE HAD
EVERY CONVERSATION, AND HE HAD TOLD ME THAT HE HAD SPOKEN TO A
TOLD ME THAT HE HAD SPOKEN TO A COUPLE OF FRIENDS, AND IT’S
COUPLE OF FRIENDS, AND IT’S $130,000.
$130,000. IT’S NOT A LOT OF MONEY.
IT’S NOT A LOT OF MONEY. AND WE SHOULD JUST DO IT.
AND WE SHOULD JUST DO IT. SO GO AHEAD AND DO IT.
SO GO AHEAD AND DO IT. AND I WAS AT THE TIME WITH ALLEN
AND I WAS AT THE TIME WITH ALLEN WEISSELBERG WHERE HE DIRECTED US
WEISSELBERG WHERE HE DIRECTED US TO GO BECOME TO MR.
TO GO BECOME TO MR. WEISSELBERG’S OFFICE AND FIGURE
WEISSELBERG’S OFFICE AND FIGURE THIS ALL OUT.
THIS ALL OUT. >> DID THE PRESIDENT CALL YOU TO
>> DID THE PRESIDENT CALL YOU TO COORDINATE ON PUBLIC MESSAGING
COORDINATE ON PUBLIC MESSAGING ABOUT THE PAYMENTS TO MS.
ABOUT THE PAYMENTS TO MS. CLIFFORDS IN OR AROUND FEBRUARY
CLIFFORDS IN OR AROUND FEBRUARY 2018?
2018? >> YES.
>> YES. >> WHAT DID THE PRESIDENT ASK OR
>> WHAT DID THE PRESIDENT ASK OR SUGGEST THAT YOU SAY ABOUT THE
SUGGEST THAT YOU SAY ABOUT THE PAYMENTS OR REIMBURSEMENTS?
PAYMENTS OR REIMBURSEMENTS? >> HE WAS NOT KNOWLEDGEABLE OF
>> HE WAS NOT KNOWLEDGEABLE OF THESE REIMBURSEMENTS, AND HE
THESE REIMBURSEMENTS, AND HE WASN’T KNOWLEDGEABLE OF MY
WASN’T KNOWLEDGEABLE OF MY ACTIONS.
ACTIONS. >> HE ASKED YOU TO SAY THAT?
>> HE ASKED YOU TO SAY THAT? >> YES, MA’AM.
>> YES, MA’AM. >> GREAT.
>> GREAT. IN ADDITION TO THE PERSONAL
IN ADDITION TO THE PERSONAL CHECK FOR $35,000 IN JULY 2017,
CHECK FOR $35,000 IN JULY 2017, IS THERE ADDITIONAL
IS THERE ADDITIONAL CORROBORATING EVIDENCE THAT MR.
CORROBORATING EVIDENCE THAT MR. TRUMP WHILE A SITTING PRESIDENT
TRUMP WHILE A SITTING PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES DIRECTLY
OF THE UNITED STATES DIRECTLY REIMBURSED YOU HUSH MONEY AS
REIMBURSED YOU HUSH MONEY AS PART OF A CRIMINAL SCHEME TO
PART OF A CRIMINAL SCHEME TO VIOLATE CAMPAIGN FINANCE LAWS?
VIOLATE CAMPAIGN FINANCE LAWS? THERE.
THERE. >> ARE 11 CHECKS THAT I RECEIVED
>> ARE 11 CHECKS THAT I RECEIVED FOR THE YEAR.
FOR THE YEAR. THE REASON WHY 11, BECAUSE, AS I
THE REASON WHY 11, BECAUSE, AS I STATED BEFORE, ONE HAD TWO
STATED BEFORE, ONE HAD TWO CHECKS.
CHECKS. >> AND YOU HAVE COPIES OF ALL OF
>> AND YOU HAVE COPIES OF ALL OF THOSE?
THOSE? >> I CAN GET COPIES.
>> I CAN GET COPIES. I’D HAVE TO GO TO THE BANK.
I’D HAVE TO GO TO THE BANK. >> SO WE WILL BE ABLE TO GET
>> SO WE WILL BE ABLE TO GET COPIES OF ALL 11 CHECKS THAT MR.
COPIES OF ALL 11 CHECKS THAT MR. TRUMP PROVIDED TO YOU AS PART OF
TRUMP PROVIDED TO YOU AS PART OF THIS CRIMINAL SCHEME?
THIS CRIMINAL SCHEME? >> IT’S EITHER FROM HIS PERSONAL
>> IT’S EITHER FROM HIS PERSONAL ACCOUNT AS WHAT WAS DEMONSTRATED
ACCOUNT AS WHAT WAS DEMONSTRATED IN THE EXHIBIT IT WOULD COME
IN THE EXHIBIT IT WOULD COME FROM THE DONALD J. TRUMP
FROM THE DONALD J. TRUMP ACCOUNT, THE TRUST ACCOUNT.
ACCOUNT, THE TRUST ACCOUNT. >> SO TWO ISSUES ARE HIGHLIGHTED
>> SO TWO ISSUES ARE HIGHLIGHTED THERE, JOYCE.
THERE, JOYCE. ONE IS THE SOURCE OF THE FUNDS.
ONE IS THE SOURCE OF THE FUNDS. THE FUNDS SEEM TO HAVE COME FROM
THE FUNDS SEEM TO HAVE COME FROM A COUPLE OF DIFFERENT PLACES,
A COUPLE OF DIFFERENT PLACES, THE PRESIDENT’S PERSONAL ACCOUNT
THE PRESIDENT’S PERSONAL ACCOUNT AND THROUGH A TRUST THAT
AND THROUGH A TRUST THAT OVERSEES HIS BUSINESSES, BUT
OVERSEES HIS BUSINESSES, BUT THEN ALSO COHEN JUST BLUNTLY
THEN ALSO COHEN JUST BLUNTLY ASSERTING THAT THE PRESIDENT
ASSERTING THAT THE PRESIDENT TOLD HIM TO LIE AND TO SAY THAT
TOLD HIM TO LIE AND TO SAY THAT THE PRESIDENT DIDN’T KNOW ABOUT
THE PRESIDENT DIDN’T KNOW ABOUT THESE REIMBURSEMENTS, AND HE
THESE REIMBURSEMENTS, AND HE DIDN’T KNOW WHAT COHEN WAS DOING
DIDN’T KNOW WHAT COHEN WAS DOING WHEN THE -- ACCORDING TO HIM --
WHEN THE -- ACCORDING TO HIM -- THE PRESIDENT PLAINLY KNEW BOTH
THE PRESIDENT PLAINLY KNEW BOTH OF THOSE THINGS.
OF THOSE THINGS. ARE EITHER OF THOSE THINGS
ARE EITHER OF THOSE THINGS LEGALLY SIGNIFICANT?
LEGALLY SIGNIFICANT? THE SOURCE OF THE FUNDS OR LYING
THE SOURCE OF THE FUNDS OR LYING ABOUT IT?
ABOUT IT? >> THEY’RE INCREDIBLY
>> THEY’RE INCREDIBLY SIGNIFICANT.
SIGNIFICANT. HERE’S WHAT WE SEE HAPPENING.
HERE’S WHAT WE SEE HAPPENING. THIS IS A CONSPIRACY.
THIS IS A CONSPIRACY. A CONSPIRACY JUST AN AGREEMENT
A CONSPIRACY JUST AN AGREEMENT TO ACHIEVE AN ILLEGAL END.
TO ACHIEVE AN ILLEGAL END. AND WHAT THEY’RE DOING HERE IS
AND WHAT THEY’RE DOING HERE IS COVERING UP THEIR MISCONDUCT.
COVERING UP THEIR MISCONDUCT. THEY’RE AGREEING BOTH TO ENGAGE
THEY’RE AGREEING BOTH TO ENGAGE IN THE MISCONDUCT AND TO COVER
IN THE MISCONDUCT AND TO COVER IT UP.
IT UP. AND WHEN YOU ENTER INTO A
AND WHEN YOU ENTER INTO A CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY, YOU DON’T
CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY, YOU DON’T USUALLY SIGN ON THE DOTTED LINE
USUALLY SIGN ON THE DOTTED LINE LIKE YOU DO ON A CONTRACT.
LIKE YOU DO ON A CONTRACT. YOU HAVE THESE KIND OF
YOU HAVE THESE KIND OF CONSIDERATIONS WHERE YOU HAVE
CONSIDERATIONS WHERE YOU HAVE THE PRESIDENT SAYING NOW HERE’S
THE PRESIDENT SAYING NOW HERE’S WHAT YOU SHOULD SAY IF THIS
WHAT YOU SHOULD SAY IF THIS COMES UP.
COMES UP. AND WHAT HE’S DIRECTING COHEN TO
AND WHAT HE’S DIRECTING COHEN TO SAY IS NOT THE TRUTH, AND IT’S
SAY IS NOT THE TRUTH, AND IT’S DESIGNED TO CONCEAL THE CRIMINAL
DESIGNED TO CONCEAL THE CRIMINAL ACT.
ACT. >> DOES IT MATTER WHETHER THE
>> DOES IT MATTER WHETHER THE PRESIDENT DID THIS DURING THE
PRESIDENT DID THIS DURING THE CAMPAIGN OR WHEN HE WAS
CAMPAIGN OR WHEN HE WAS PRESIDENT?
PRESIDENT? >> WHAT MATTERS IS THAT HE DOES
>> WHAT MATTERS IS THAT HE DOES IT IN AN EFFORT TO INFLUENCE THE
IT IN AN EFFORT TO INFLUENCE THE OUTCOME OF THE CAMPAIGN, AND
OUTCOME OF THE CAMPAIGN, AND THAT THE CONSPIRACY, THE
THAT THE CONSPIRACY, THE COVER-UP, THE PAYMENTS CONTINUED
COVER-UP, THE PAYMENTS CONTINUED AFTER THE ELECTION.
AFTER THE ELECTION. APPARENTLY, IF WE BELIEVE COHEN,
APPARENTLY, IF WE BELIEVE COHEN, AND MAYBE THE WORST PART OF
AND MAYBE THE WORST PART OF THIS, AND IT MAKES ME THINK OF
THIS, AND IT MAKES ME THINK OF YOUR PODCAST "BAGMAN" WHICH I
YOUR PODCAST "BAGMAN" WHICH I LOVED IS WE HAVE THIS VIGNETTE
LOVED IS WE HAVE THIS VIGNETTE OF COHEN GOING TO VISIT TRUMP IN
OF COHEN GOING TO VISIT TRUMP IN THE OVAL OFFICE FOR THE FIRST
THE OVAL OFFICE FOR THE FIRST TIME, AND THERE IS CONVERSATION
TIME, AND THERE IS CONVERSATION ABOUT THE CHECKS IN THE OVAL
ABOUT THE CHECKS IN THE OVAL OFFICE.
OFFICE. SO WE HAVE THIS NOTION THAT THE
SO WE HAVE THIS NOTION THAT THE PRESIDENT IN THE OVAL OFFICE IS
PRESIDENT IN THE OVAL OFFICE IS COVERING UP THE CAMPAIGN FINANCE
COVERING UP THE CAMPAIGN FINANCE VIOLATIONS.
VIOLATIONS. >> THE PRESIDENT FROM THE OVAL
>> THE PRESIDENT FROM THE OVAL OFFICE IS TALKING ABOUT
OFFICE IS TALKING ABOUT COMPLETING THE ACT OF COVERING
COMPLETING THE ACT OF COVERING UP THOSE ILLEGAL DONATIONS.
UP THOSE ILLEGAL DONATIONS. >> EXACTLY.
>> EXACTLY. >> ALL RIGHT, JOYCE.
>> ALL RIGHT, JOYCE. IF YOU’LL STAY WITH US, I’M
IF YOU’LL STAY WITH US, I’M GOING TO CHAIN YOU TO THE CHAIR
GOING TO CHAIN YOU TO THE CHAIR BECAUSE WE HAVE A LOT TO GET TO
BECAUSE WE HAVE A LOT TO GET TO TONIGHT.
TONIGHT. I’M ALSO GOING TO BE TALKING